fix: functions count in startup logs not counting overloaded functions (#4870)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix unexpected results when embedding and filtering the same table more than once by @laurenceisla in #4075
- Restore Listener query shape so it can be found in pg_stat_activity by @mkleczek in #4857 #4859
- The LISTEN channel now automatically recovers when it stops working due to a PostgreSQL bug @laurenceisla in #3147

> - Fix functions count in startup logs not counting overloaded functions by @taimoorzaeem in #4821

Reviewer: Think this is more user facing
```suggestion
- Fix misleading "Functions" name on schema cache summary at startup logs by @taimoorzaeem in #4821
```
